Question 1: Product Display.

We have product data in csv format and images as follows
Given the csv file and images at this url - https://www.dropbox.com/s/zp58cpszzeh8aqi/product_data.tar.gz?dl=0

Here is the JSON for the same data.. https://www.dropbox.com/s/pr4l60en921l6fh/product.json?dl=0

Create a page which loads this json data and renders a store front. All the products should be displayed by default. Show a list of Brands in the left. Upon clicking the checkbox in front of a brand, only that particular brand products should be show, hide all others. If no checkbox is selected show products belonging to all brands

Similarly have a filter for color

Also create a toggle for All producs and available products - if user clicks “Available Products” show only products that are not sold out.

The filters should work together - so I should be able to see Only Yellow products of Brand C which are Available.




Question 2: In the filters on left, add a new option 'Pagination'.
'Pagination' should be a drop down with values '3', '6' and '9'.
Initially, the page is displayed and pagination is done by picking the first value of the select option.
The number of pages should be displayed below all the products.
Also, I can navigate to any page by clicking the respective page number. The clicked page number should be highlighted as well.
As soon as I select a filter, I should be moved to the 1st page (because of uncertainty of the number of pages it can contain)
Pagination should work fine with the selected filters.


Question 3: Like Pagination, add a new option 'Sorting'.
'Sorting' should be a drop down with values 'Sort by Name', 'Sort by Color', 'Sort by Availability' and 'Sort by Brand'.
This should work fine with all the selected filters and pagination value.


Question 4: Add all the selected filters in the url (all the filters on the left followed by page number)
Using the url I should get the same set of result when opened in a new tab. Also, the selected options should be in selected state.
Instructions: don't use any plugin.

